[IMP] l10n_in_ewaybill_stock: add documentation for Ewaybill on stock (#12353)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/india.rst

   * - :guilabel:`Indian E-waybill`
     - `l10n_in_edi_ewaybill`
     - :ref:`Indian E-way bill integration <india/e-waybill>`
   * - :guilabel:`Indian E-waybill Stock`
     - `l10n_in_ewaybill_stock`

>      - :ref:`Indian E-way bill Stock integration <india/e-waybill-stock>`

Reviewer: I would be more specific here because I don't think the prupose of this module is clear (especially since there's another e-waybill-specific module). Could we be more specific? (e.g., *E-waybill creation from the Inventory app*, without generating an invoice --> I used the description of module in Odoo but wee could probably shorten it to just *E-waybill creation from the Inventory app*)

     the government portal. You can click :guilabel:`Process Now` if you want to process the invoice
     immediately.

.. _india/e-waybill-stock:

Indian Stock E-way bill
=======================

.. note::
   Make sure to complete the :ref:`E-Way bill setup <india/e-waybill-setup>` before using E-Way bill Stock

An **E-Way bill** can be created on :guilabel:`Receipts`/:guilabel:`Deliveries` in the Inventory
app. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Deliveries` or

> :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Receipts` and create a new
> **Delivery Order/Receipt**. Once the picking is validated, the E-Way bill for that picking can be
> created.

Reviewer 2: Can you be more precise about the instructions on how to create the new delivery order/receipt?
I don't know which fields need to be filled and the instructions/details/explanation for each needed fields. 
```suggestion
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Receipts`, click :guilabel:`New` and fill in the following fields:

- :guilabel:`Receive From`: 
-

Then, click :guilabel:`Validate`.
```

Author: That would be normal inventory flow. Which would be already there in Inventory documentation? (not sure but pretty sure random guess) may be we provide link to inventory doc? I can still try to write down more for e-way bill form. Because the focus is E-way bill not the picking

Author: Well we can suggest user to go thru [Inbound and Outbound flows](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/18.0/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/daily_operations.html)

Also on the page I found a link to be broken not sure where it should be reported?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55e4cc59-7c29-4ddd-99db-f31107bb189b)

Reviewer 2: Yes, sure!
About the link, the US documentation team is in charge of this page. You can report it to FEKU or BELI. Thanks!

Author: Reported on the [discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/678381219515465750/762637301163491339/1351479299991015478) hopefully should do the work

     the government portal. You can click :guilabel:`Process Now` if you want to process the invoice
     immediately.

.. _india/e-waybill-stock:

Indian Stock E-way bill
=======================

.. note::

>    Make sure to complete the :ref:`E-Way bill setup <india/e-waybill-setup>` before using E-Way bill Stock

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Make sure to complete the :ref:`E-Way bill setup <india/e-waybill-setup>` before using the **E-Way bill Stock** module.
```

> An **E-Way bill** can be created on :doc:`Receipts/Deliveries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **E-Way bill** can be created from :doc:`receipts and deliveries
```

</applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/daily_operations>` in the Inventory
app. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Deliveries` or
:menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Receipts` and create a new

> **Delivery Order/Receipt**. Once the picking is validated, the E-Way bill for that picking can be
> created.
> 
> .. note::
>    **E-Way bills** can be created for a :guilabel:`Receipt` on :guilabel:`Ready` state.
> 
> Click :guilabel:`Create E-waybill/Challan` to create an E-Way bill for the picking.
> 
> To validate the E-Way bill and send it to the NIC E-Way bill portal, click :guilabel:`Generate
> e-Waybill`.

Reviewer: I feel like this pragraph could be a bit simplied by moving things around, let me know what yout think!
(I think this could also be in a numbered list, with each sentence being an individual list item, for clarity?)

```suggestion
delivery order/receipt. Once the operation has been validated (and its state is set to :guilabel:`Ready`), click :guilabel:`Create E-waybill/Challan`. To validate the E-Way bill and send it to the NIC E-Way bill portal, click :guilabel:`Generate e-Waybill`.
```
Also, FYI:
- No capital later for general concepts (e.g. delivery order, sales order, pruchase order, etc.)
- I feel like picking is more of a technical name, could we replace it with something else that is more understandable and precise? (Could we use operation here instead? or delivery order/receipt if this is limited to those operations?)
- I assume the (previous) note is also true for delivery orders?

Author: Nope `Ready` state thing only works for receipt orders

.. note::
   To use the E-Way bill as a challan for the goods delivery without sending it to the NIC E-Waybill
   portal, click :guilabel:`Use as Challan`.

> To print the E-waybill or the Challan, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon and select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To print the E-waybill or the challan, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon and select
```

     the government portal. You can click :guilabel:`Process Now` if you want to process the invoice
     immediately.

.. _india/e-waybill-stock:

Indian Stock E-waybill
======================

.. note::
   Make sure you have completed :ref:`setting up E-waybill <india/e-waybill-setup>` before using E-waybill Stock

An **E-waybill** can be created on Receipt/Delivery. To do so, go to the :guilabel:`Inventory` app and create a new **Delivery Order/Receipt**. Once the picking is validated, you can create E-waybill for that picking.

.. image:: india/e-waybill-stock-create.png
   :alt: Create E-waybill for picking

.. note::
   You can create **E-waybill** for a **receipt** on **ready state**

Click on :guilabel:`Create E-waybill/Challan` to create E-waybill for the picking.

> .. image:: india/e-waybill-stock-form.png
>    :alt: E-waybill Form

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above about the image, I don't think it is needed here.
```suggestion
```

Validate the e-waybill to send it to the NIC E-waybill portal by clicking to Generate E-waybill.

.. note::
   You can use it as a challan for the delivery of goods.
   By clicking on Use challan, won't send the e-waybill to the NIC E-waybill portal.
   But can used as a challan for the delivery of goods.

> Print E-waybill/Challan by clicking on the Print button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To print the E-waybill or the Challan, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear)` icon and select :icon:`fa-print` :guilabel:`Ewaybill / Delivery Challan`.
```
